>>> WE’VE ALL HEARD ABOUT
>>> WE’VE ALL HEARD ABOUT FOLLOWING THE MONEY.
FOLLOWING THE MONEY. WHAT ABOUT FOLLOWING THE TAXES?
WHAT ABOUT FOLLOWING THE TAXES? WE HAVE DONALD TRUMP SIGNED
WE HAVE DONALD TRUMP SIGNED CHECKS FOR HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS
CHECKS FOR HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS THAT HE CONFESSED WERE CRIMES.
THAT HE CONFESSED WERE CRIMES. THEY SAID THEY NEED TESTIMONY
THEY SAID THEY NEED TESTIMONY FROM TRUMP ATTORNEYS ABOUT SOME
FROM TRUMP ATTORNEYS ABOUT SOME OF THOSE PAYMENTS.
OF THOSE PAYMENTS. NEW YORK PROSECUTORS SAYING THE
NEW YORK PROSECUTORS SAYING THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION FALSELY
TRUMP ORGANIZATION FALSELY ACCOUNTED FOR THE PAYMENTS AS
ACCOUNTED FOR THE PAYMENTS AS QUOTE LEGAL EXPENSES.
QUOTE LEGAL EXPENSES. COHEN FAMOUSLY ARRANGED THE
COHEN FAMOUSLY ARRANGED THE PAYMENT FROM DONALD TRUMP TO
PAYMENT FROM DONALD TRUMP TO STORMY DANIELS FOR $130,000.
STORMY DANIELS FOR $130,000. TRUMP’S COMPANY REIMBURSING HIM
TRUMP’S COMPANY REIMBURSING HIM FOR A SERIES OF PAYMENTS.
FOR A SERIES OF PAYMENTS. THAT MAY NOT BE A CRIME ON ITS
THAT MAY NOT BE A CRIME ON ITS OWN BUT COULD BE EVIDENCE OF A
OWN BUT COULD BE EVIDENCE OF A WIDER CRIME AGAINST TRUMP.
WIDER CRIME AGAINST TRUMP. A FORMER LAWYER WAS MAKING THE
A FORMER LAWYER WAS MAKING THE CASE.
CASE. >> THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
>> THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORK MAYNEW
FLORK MAYNEW YORK MAY BE SITTING THERE WITH
YORK MAY BE SITTING THERE WITH TRUMP’S INCOME TAX COHEN TO REI
TRUMP’S INCOME TAX COHEN TO REI HIM HE LISTED THAT AS RETAINER
HIM HE LISTED THAT AS RETAINER AND DEDUCTED THOSE PAYMENTS.
AND DEDUCTED THOSE PAYMENTS. >> IS THIS LIKE -- ARE YOU
>> IS THIS LIKE -- ARE YOU BASICALLY IMAGINING AN AL CAPONE
BASICALLY IMAGINING AN AL CAPONE SITUATION WHERE AFTER EVERYTHING
SITUATION WHERE AFTER EVERYTHING HAPPENS HE GETS IN TROUBLE FOR
HAPPENS HE GETS IN TROUBLE FOR TAX DEDUCTIONS?
TAX DEDUCTIONS? >> PERHAPS.
>> PERHAPS. >> PERHAPS OR AS THEY IS A IN
>> PERHAPS OR AS THEY IS A IN COURT, PER SNAPS.
COURT, PER SNAPS. AL CAPONE WAS JAILED FOR TAX
AL CAPONE WAS JAILED FOR TAX FRAUD.
FRAUD. HE KNOW DONALD TRUMP KNOWS ALL
HE KNOW DONALD TRUMP KNOWS ALL ABOUT AL CAPONE.
ABOUT AL CAPONE. WHO HE COMPARED PAUL MANAFORT
WHO HE COMPARED PAUL MANAFORT TO.
TO. >> PAUL MANAFORT WHO IS A NICE
>> PAUL MANAFORT WHO IS A NICE MAN.
MAN. YOU LOOK AT WHAT’S GOING ON WITH
YOU LOOK AT WHAT’S GOING ON WITH HIM.
HIM. IT’S LIKE AL CAPONE.
IT’S LIKE AL CAPONE. >> 2005 TAX CASE.
>> 2005 TAX CASE. >> IT’S JUST A SAD THING.
>> IT’S JUST A SAD THING. IT’S A VERY SAD THING FOR OUR
IT’S A VERY SAD THING FOR OUR COUNTRY TO SEE THIS.
COUNTRY TO SEE THIS. >> IT’S LIKE AL CAPONE.
>> IT’S LIKE AL CAPONE. IT’S LIKE MY CAMPAIGN MANAGER IS
IT’S LIKE MY CAMPAIGN MANAGER IS LIKE A CONVICTED GANGSTER.
LIKE A CONVICTED GANGSTER. THIS IS THE DEFENSE.
THIS IS THE DEFENSE. YOU CAN KNOW THAT TYPE OF
YOU CAN KNOW THAT TYPE OF SYMPATHY FROM THE PRESIDENT
SYMPATHY FROM THE PRESIDENT BECAME A PUNCH LINE.
BECAME A PUNCH LINE. >> TRUMP DOES HAVE SYMPATHY FOR
>> TRUMP DOES HAVE SYMPATHY FOR MANAFORT BECAUSE HE TWEETED
MANAFORT BECAUSE HE TWEETED LOOKING BACK ON HISTORY WHO IS
LOOKING BACK ON HISTORY WHO IS TWEETED WORSE ALFONSE CAPONE OR
TWEETED WORSE ALFONSE CAPONE OR PAUL MANAFORT.
PAUL MANAFORT. >> TRUMP REALLY KNOWS HOW TO
>> TRUMP REALLY KNOWS HOW TO MAKE YOU SEEM SYMPATHETIC.
MAKE YOU SEEM SYMPATHETIC. COMPARE YOU TO AMERICA’S
COMPARE YOU TO AMERICA’S SWEETHEART, AL CAPONE.
SWEETHEART, AL CAPONE. >> YOU HAVE BEEN HOT ON THIS AS
>> YOU HAVE BEEN HOT ON THIS AS A THEORY OF PROSECUTION.
A THEORY OF PROSECUTION. EXPLAIN.
EXPLAIN. >> SURE.
>> SURE. I’M ONLY HOT BECAUSE IT’S
I’M ONLY HOT BECAUSE IT’S SIMPLE.
SIMPLE. AS OPPOSED TO FOLLOWING THE
AS OPPOSED TO FOLLOWING THE MONEY AND THE DOCUMENTS, TAX
MONEY AND THE DOCUMENTS, TAX CASES ARE SIMPLE.
CASES ARE SIMPLE. THAT’S WHY AL CAPONE GOT 11
THAT’S WHY AL CAPONE GOT 11 YEARS IN 1931 BECAUSE THEY
YEARS IN 1931 BECAUSE THEY COULDN’T GET LIMBHIM ON ANYTHING
COULDN’T GET LIMBHIM ON ANYTHING ELSE SO THEY WENT AFTER HIM ON
ELSE SO THEY WENT AFTER HIM ON THE FACT THAT TAX RETURNS ARE
THE FACT THAT TAX RETURNS ARE REQUIRED.
REQUIRED. THE PAYMENTS THAT MANAFORT
THE PAYMENTS THAT MANAFORT AMOUNTED TO $420,000.
AMOUNTED TO $420,000. >> COHEN.
>> COHEN. >> THE PAYMENTS TO MICHAEL COHEN
>> THE PAYMENTS TO MICHAEL COHEN AGGREGATED $420,000 AND REQUIRED
AGGREGATED $420,000 AND REQUIRED THE FILING OF A 10 999.
THE FILING OF A 10 999. IT’S A MISDEMEANOR.
IT’S A MISDEMEANOR. WE DON’T KNOW WHETHER HE FILED
WE DON’T KNOW WHETHER HE FILED 1099 OR NOT BUT IT’S VERY EASY
1099 OR NOT BUT IT’S VERY EASY FOR OTHERS, INCLUDING THE
FOR OTHERS, INCLUDING THE PROSECUTION OF SOUTHERN DISTRICT
PROSECUTION OF SOUTHERN DISTRICT TO DETERMINE IT.
TO DETERMINE IT. THEY JUST LOOK AT THE TAX
THEY JUST LOOK AT THE TAX RETURN.
RETURN. >> WHEN YOU SAY SOUTHERN
>> WHEN YOU SAY SOUTHERN DISTRICT, THEY MAY NOT HAVE
DISTRICT, THEY MAY NOT HAVE MEANT SOMETHING FIVE YEARS AGO
MEANT SOMETHING FIVE YEARS AGO BUT MEANS LOT NOW.
BUT MEANS LOT NOW. THEY ARE THINKING OF THE
THEY ARE THINKING OF THE PROSECUTORS WHO THREW THE BOOK
PROSECUTORS WHO THREW THE BOOK AT COHEN AND GOING AT THE
AT COHEN AND GOING AT THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER WHO DON’T TAKE
NATIONAL ENQUIRER WHO DON’T TAKE KINDLY TO PEOPLE FUSSING AROUND.
KINDLY TO PEOPLE FUSSING AROUND. THEY WOULD LOOK AT WHETHER THIS
THEY WOULD LOOK AT WHETHER THIS IS TAX CASE?
IS TAX CASE? >> THEY WOULD LOOK AT IT BECAUSE
>> THEY WOULD LOOK AT IT BECAUSE THE TAX ACTIVITY OCCURRED WHEN
THE TAX ACTIVITY OCCURRED WHEN DONALD TRUMP WAS FILING RETURNS
DONALD TRUMP WAS FILING RETURNS IN NEW YORK.
IN NEW YORK. LET’S GO TO THE SEKTD PIECE.
LET’S GO TO THE SEKTD PIECE. THE FIRST IS FAILURE TO FILE A
THE FIRST IS FAILURE TO FILE A 10
10 1099 BUT HE MAY HAVE FILED ONE.
1099 BUT HE MAY HAVE FILED ONE. IT WOULD BE FURTHER EVIDENCE
IT WOULD BE FURTHER EVIDENCE THAT HE REGARDED THIS AS A
THAT HE REGARDED THIS AS A BUSINESS EXPENSE.
BUSINESS EXPENSE. IT WASN’T AN ORDSINARY AND
IT WASN’T AN ORDSINARY AND NECESSARY BUSINESS EXPENSE.
NECESSARY BUSINESS EXPENSE. IT WAS A PAYMENT OF HUSH MONEY.
IT WAS A PAYMENT OF HUSH MONEY. IF THE RETURN REFLECTED $420,000
IF THE RETURN REFLECTED $420,000 OF THE PAYMENTS WOULD BE A FALSE
OF THE PAYMENTS WOULD BE A FALSE RETURN.
RETURN. >> IT’S INTERESTING TO HEAR YOU
>> IT’S INTERESTING TO HEAR YOU SPEAK WITH SUCH CLARITY.
SPEAK WITH SUCH CLARITY. WHAT YOU’RE SPEAKING TO IS THE
WHAT YOU’RE SPEAKING TO IS THE BINARY.
BINARY. SO MUCH AS BEEN WAS COHEN
SO MUCH AS BEEN WAS COHEN TELLING THE TRUTH AND WHAT
TELLING THE TRUTH AND WHAT HAPPENED HERE AND WAS MANAFORT
HAPPENED HERE AND WAS MANAFORT RELATED TO COLLUSION.
RELATED TO COLLUSION. YOU’RE TALKING EITHER THEY DID
YOU’RE TALKING EITHER THEY DID IT OR THEY DIDN’T.
IT OR THEY DIDN’T. HE’S BEEN INVOKING AL CAPONE TO
HE’S BEEN INVOKING AL CAPONE TO DEFEND THESE FOLKS.
DEFEND THESE FOLKS. I WONDER WHAT IT MEANS SOMEONE
I WONDER WHAT IT MEANS SOMEONE LIKE YOU SAYING IT COULD HURT
LIKE YOU SAYING IT COULD HURT TRUMP AND SOMEONE LIKE HIM
TRUMP AND SOMEONE LIKE HIM SAYING IT COULD HELP HIM.
SAYING IT COULD HELP HIM. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> THE BIGGEST CRIME YOU CAN
>> THE BIGGEST CRIME YOU CAN COMMIT IN AMERICA TODAY IS TO
COMMIT IN AMERICA TODAY IS TO HAVE BEEN ASSOCIATED WITH DONALD
HAVE BEEN ASSOCIATED WITH DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. IF YOU’RE ASSOCIATED WITH DONALD
IF YOU’RE ASSOCIATED WITH DONALD TRUMP, THEY’RE GOING TO MANAFORT
TRUMP, THEY’RE GOING TO MANAFORT YOU, COHEN YOU.
YOU, COHEN YOU. THEY WILL DO ALL OF THESE THINGS
THEY WILL DO ALL OF THESE THINGS TO YOU.
TO YOU. THEY USUALLY DO IT WITH THE
THEY USUALLY DO IT WITH THE MAFIA
MAFIA MAFIA.
MAFIA. IF WE CAN’T GET LIMB ONHIM ON TH
IF WE CAN’T GET LIMB ONHIM ON TH GROUNDS WOOEDS LIKE TO GET HIM
GROUNDS WOOEDS LIKE TO GET HIM ON, LET’S GO AFTER HIM ON TAXES
ON, LET’S GO AFTER HIM ON TAXES AND BUSINESS.
AND BUSINESS. >> LET ME GIVE YOU THE THIRD
>> LET ME GIVE YOU THE THIRD PIECE OF THE PUZZLE.
PIECE OF THE PUZZLE. I GAVE YOU THE FAILURE TO FILE.
I GAVE YOU THE FAILURE TO FILE. I GAVE YOU FALSE RETURN.
I GAVE YOU FALSE RETURN. FALSE VURNRETURN IS A THREE YEAR
FALSE VURNRETURN IS A THREE YEAR FELONY.
FELONY. THE BIG ONE IS THE TAX EVASION.
THE BIG ONE IS THE TAX EVASION. IF 420,000 WAS TREATED AS A
IF 420,000 WAS TREATED AS A BUSINESS EXPENSE AND REDUCE THE
BUSINESS EXPENSE AND REDUCE THE AMOUNT OF TAXABLE INCOME TO
AMOUNT OF TAXABLE INCOME TO DONALD TRUMP, THAT WOULD BE TAX
DONALD TRUMP, THAT WOULD BE TAX EVASION.
EVASION. THAT’S A FIVE YEAR COUNT.
THAT’S A FIVE YEAR COUNT. THE SIMPLE FACT IS IF YOU GAVE
THE SIMPLE FACT IS IF YOU GAVE ME THE TAX RETURNS FOR THE
ME THE TAX RETURNS FOR THE RELEVANT PERIOD, IT WOULD
RELEVANT PERIOD, IT WOULD PROBABLY TAKE ME ABOUT 15
PROBABLY TAKE ME ABOUT 15 MINUTES TO TELL YOU, FOR SURE,
MINUTES TO TELL YOU, FOR SURE, THAT A CRIME HAS BEEN COMMITTED.
THAT A CRIME HAS BEEN COMMITTED. >> YOU’RE KIND OF INTENSE.
>> YOU’RE KIND OF INTENSE. OTHER PEOPLE WOULD TAKE 20, 25
OTHER PEOPLE WOULD TAKE 20, 25 MINUTES.
MINUTES. >> YOU KNOW, MAYBE.
>> YOU KNOW, MAYBE. >> MAYA.
>> MAYA. >> IT COULD ALSO BE -- DEPENDING
>> IT COULD ALSO BE -- DEPENDING ON WHAT THE EVIDENCE MIGHT SHOW,
ON WHAT THE EVIDENCE MIGHT SHOW, YOU CAN FIND A CONSPIRACY TO
YOU CAN FIND A CONSPIRACY TO DEFRAUDS THE UNITED STATES AS AN
DEFRAUDS THE UNITED STATES AS AN ADDITIONAL SET COUNT GIVEN HOW
ADDITIONAL SET COUNT GIVEN HOW AND WHAT EVIDENCE THERE IS OF
AND WHAT EVIDENCE THERE IS OF AGREEMENT ON HOW TO AVOID THOSE
AGREEMENT ON HOW TO AVOID THOSE TAXES.
TAXES. THERE ARE ADDITIONAL LIABILITIES
THERE ARE ADDITIONAL LIABILITIES THAT COULD BE THERE.
THAT COULD BE THERE. THE THING THAT PEOPLE SHOULD
THE THING THAT PEOPLE SHOULD ALSO REMEMBER IS WHEN FEDERAL
ALSO REMEMBER IS WHEN FEDERAL PROSECUTORS TYPICALLY DO IS USE
PROSECUTORS TYPICALLY DO IS USE THE TAX RETURNS TO TRY TO
THE TAX RETURNS TO TRY TO UNDERSTAND WHETHER THERE’S BEEN
UNDERSTAND WHETHER THERE’S BEEN BANK FRAUDS.
BANK FRAUDS. TO UNDERSTAND WHETHER THERE’S
TO UNDERSTAND WHETHER THERE’S BEEN INSURANCE FRAUD, TO
BEEN INSURANCE FRAUD, TO UNDERSTAND WHETHER OR NOT
UNDERSTAND WHETHER OR NOT THERE’S OTHER CRIMINAL
THERE’S OTHER CRIMINAL VIOLATIONS LIKE MONEY
VIOLATIONS LIKE MONEY LAUNDERING.
LAUNDERING. TO GO BACK TO YOUR EARLIER POINT
TO GO BACK TO YOUR EARLIER POINT ABOUT STEVE BANNON AND YOUR
ABOUT STEVE BANNON AND YOUR INTERVIEW WITH HIM, THERE’S A
INTERVIEW WITH HIM, THERE’S A LOT OF THINGS THAT PROSECUTORS
LOT OF THINGS THAT PROSECUTORS MAY UNCOVER AS A RESULT OF LOOK
MAY UNCOVER AS A RESULT OF LOOK AT THE TAX RETURNS.
AT THE TAX RETURNS. >> IT REALLY BECOMES THAT CLUE
>> IT REALLY BECOMES THAT CLUE AND WASN’T IT SEAN CARTER THAT
AND WASN’T IT SEAN CARTER THAT SAID MY ACCOUNTANTS TO GOOD, I’M
SAID MY ACCOUNTANTS TO GOOD, I’M PRACTICALLY LIVING TAX FREE.
PRACTICALLY LIVING TAX FREE. YOU DON’T WANT TO BE SO TAX FREE
YOU DON’T WANT TO BE SO TAX FREE THAT YOU’RE AL CAPONE.
THAT YOU’RE AL CAPONE. I’M DPLADGLAD WE HAD THIS TALK.
I’M DPLADGLAD WE HAD THIS TALK. >> PRETTY GOOD.
>> PRETTY GOOD. >> HE’S GOOD.
>> HE’S GOOD. >> IT’S OVER.
>> IT’S OVER. >> THAT’S IT.
>> THAT’S IT. THE SHOW IS NOT OVER.
THE SHOW IS NOT OVER. >> FEELS LIKE A COLONOSCOPY.
>> FEELS LIKE A COLONOSCOPY. YOU WAKE UP AND IT’S OVER.
YOU WAKE UP AND IT’S OVER. >> PEOPLE ON THIS VERY SET HAVE
>> PEOPLE ON THIS VERY SET HAVE LIKENED THE MUELLER INTERVIEWS